How did you find this?
Hmph, do you take people for fools?
We have our ways.
How?
This is for me, two other people's escapes.
Sir, are you alright?
It seems your plan has failed
I advise you to give up your resistance
Otherwise, you will be responsible for the consequences.
So small breath is not small
Such a secluded place
How did your people get hold of it?
That's a little further down.
Miss Xia, this is our plan
Can you cooperate with us?
So according to your plan
Wan Jiaqi father and son must die
Haha, big things are informal
After Wanjia restarts the auction
Jie Shao inherits property
In the future, Wanjia and the next family will unite
The whole dragon life is our world
Hahahaha
I'll have to think about this.
You two, I'll go to the bathroom first, okay?
Miss Xia, in order to smell the picture
During the period, Miss Xia was also asked to put the communication equipment
Stay temporarily
This card has 1 million
I need a favor from you.
1 million real
What can I do for you?
I need you to lend me your phone.
I need to make a phone call
Okay, you and I have calculated the true meaning
That's right, my front foot contacted Mr. Wan
The back foot is controlled by you
You stinky bitch
I should have killed you a long time ago
At that time, everything at home will be under my control
Aren't you going to give me a million-dollar robbery?
How can that not be right?
Hahahaha
You're just a stubborn kid
Are you really taking yourself seriously?
I'm just using you
And this woman
Even everyone else is my pawn
You tricked me
I cheated you how I cheated you
So control the decline
And all the top resources in China
This is what your purpose is.
So what if I was?
But you can't see this
Miss, thank you.
I heard that you contacted the people from Jianghe Group.
Where is Chu Guohui?
You also know Jianghe Group
Is it also
What did this stinky woman surnamed Xia tell you?
I don't bother you.
All of you lay down your arms for me
Otherwise, everyone will die